Update Device Agent docs for new onboarding (#8001)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/device-agent/quickstart.md

## Before you begin

You will need:

 - A terminal or command prompt on the device you wish to install the Agent on
 - A FlowFuse platform account; either on [FlowFuse Cloud](https://app.flowfuse.com) or a self-hosted platform.

If you do not currently have a FlowFuse platform account, this guide will help you set up a trial account on FlowFuse Cloud.

## Step 1: Install the Device Agent

The Device Agent Installer is a one-line command that will:

 - Install Node.js
 - Get your device registered on a FlowFuse platform
 - Configure it to run as a local service

It is the quickest way to get started.

If you already have Node.js v22+ installed, or need to customize the setup, check the [manual installation guide](./install/manual.md).

##### Linux/MacOS

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://flowfuse.github.io/device-agent/get.sh)" && ./flowfuse-device-agent-installer
```

##### Windows

>     powershell -c "irm https://flowfuse.github.io/device-agent/get.ps1 | iex; .\flowfuse-device-agent-installer.exe"

Reviewer: need to mention starting from an elevated powershell or cmd terminal otherwise user will get "Access is denied"

The original article had the line

> Open a Terminal/Windows Command Prompt (run elevated[^1]) on the Device.

Where `^1` pointed to a tried and tested cli way of getting an elevated shell

Author: Updated to include the elevated terminal command:

<img width="1282" height="308" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f52be1ce-5579-4e64-a98a-f1dddcebb928" />

{% endnote %}

{% note %}
By default, the installer will use `/opt/flowfuse-device` (Linux/MacOS) or `c:\opt\flowfuse-device` (Windows) as the install location. To use a different location, use the `--dir` option with the install command. For example, `--dir /path/to/custom/location`.
{% endnote %}

## Step 2: Follow the installer prompts

The installer will step you through the whole setup process.

It will ask if you are registering a new instance or connecting with a One-Time Code (OTC).

##### Registering a new instance

Select this option if you have not yet registered the instance on your FlowFuse platform.

It will give you a URL to open in your browser where you can register the instance. Once you complete the registration, keep the browser tab open and switch back to the terminal.

##### Connecting with a One-Time Code

If you have already registered the instance on FlowFuse, the platform will have given you a One-Time Code to use when installing the Device Agent.

> Enter the code when asked and the Device Agent will get connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter the code when prompted and the Device Agent will connect.
```

## Step 3: Import existing flows

The Agent will check common locations for existing Node-RED flows. If it finds any, it will ask if you want to import those flows into your Device Agent managed Node-RED. This makes it easy to migrate an existing Node-RED setup into a fully managed FlowFuse instance. If you want to run an entirely separate instance, you can skip this step.

## Step 4: Setup a system service

> The Installer will then setup a system service so the Device Agent automatically runs when the device is restarted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Installer will then setup a system service so the Device Agent automatically runs when the device restarts.
```
